there's always look beautiful at the
florist but how do you make them last
once they're home
Peter grant us some flowers of the world
that's here to give us a lesson in
flower design and how to keep them
looking beautiful longer because we
always want them to be beautiful for a
very long time yes okay so it's spring
what are the best flowers for springtime
best flowers right now we're presenting
we have beautiful tulips amazing tulips
amazing ridiculous I never knew what
these were beautiful flowers that
gorgeous really beautiful and we do have
peonies as well that's funny you just
mention that beautiful colors and
beautiful varieties are my favorite
flower on in the world and these are red
I've never seen red peonies very unusual
red champion eat comes from Holland and
that's something you typically see all
the time so you do you get all your
flowers from Holland almost all that
flowers come from Holland yes how long
does it take to get the flowers from
Holland to New York City from the time
we one of them till the time they come
to New York it's typically two days okay
so two days and they come in these paper
like this so if you get right flowers at
the market like this you take them home
and you need to process them correct so
typically this is the market Bunch
you look for tight buds very clean no
blemishes you see the nice and firm
that's what you look for and you want
the leaves to be green these agree no
blemishes and again not brown and wilted
so they're all nice and crisp and fresh
okay and when you when you get them home
what you want to do is you want to cut
them put them in fresh water typically
you cut them on an angle with a knife so
you don't have to like do not and it's
not necessary it's not gonna help the
flower lasts any longer
correct correct fresh water obviously a
key and with bulb flowers you only need
a couple inches of flowers you don't
need a lot of water right so you know I
thought that you're supposed to put warm
water and flowers somebody told me that
but that's not right typically with a
bulb flower you would not do that if
you're gonna use something like a hard
woody stem like a rose that would help
the water go to the top right away
exactly okay so you've taken all the
leaves off you put them in the in here
with just a few inches of water cooked
and then they're ready to go into an
arena ready to go in arrangement so
these are all processed here the
hyacinth of beautiful the tulips and
again the peonies and this is typically
what we would do at clappers the world
we take those flowers and we would
arrange them all together in
container so why do you want to use the
same flour into one arrangement we want
to use one flour because it's more
impactful it's not confusing it's easy
on the eye definitely has a beautiful
feeling in a beautiful tone when you
look at that it's just amazing it looks
classy and I think it's harder for the
amateur to put together flowers it looks
like it looks very unprofessional you
see it's actually easier to do it this
way and that's a better result that it's
more beautiful to look at no question
about it
okay I love this and so can you get is
this a banana leaf it's it's actually a
bird's nest leaf and it is available and
we just roll them and you manipulate
them and get them into the arrangement
the way you like to have it in there and
now this is something that you can do at
home too that not everybody knows to do
but it always looks like a professional
arrangement as if you wrap the leaf
inside the base correct so it's a leaf
wrap in the vase and typically what that
does is it hides the construction you
don't see all the stems it's not messy
it's very clean it's beautiful to look
at and the colors work great with the
flowers as well okay so how long should
that arrangement last this could last
ten to fourteen days without question
change the water every other day fresh
cool water you'll enjoy that at least
for two weeks so you don't have to cut
the stems again typically maybe once or
twice throughout that two-week period
but not every single time you change the
water what a way to make a beautiful
table Peter thank you very much thank
you thanks that